Week 1:
what do I want to learn or understand better?
  : How to complete an entire project from scrath to finnished product. As well as develope my skills and toolset 
  when it comes to coding. It will also be of good use to learn how to develope something where value is determined by an
  external part completely. 
how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
  : First of all by being open and helping whenever people ask. Since we all have different backgrouds i think the people from IT will 
  be able to pick up allot of tips about value creatin and business models from me, and the rest of the people from I. 
what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
  : Overall: Staying positive, always being eager to start a new sprint. As well as developing a task list from user stories. 
  More specific, this week getting started, finding an external part to make sure we can start the process of creating. 
what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
  : This week my biggest contribution was finding an external part that wanted us to develop a software solution.
  
  
Week 2
What do I want to learn or understand better?
  :Pretty much same as last week, id like to complete an entire project from scratch and develop my toolset.
  What has emerged more this week is the design part, since we had to deliver a mockup of our first MVP.
  I’ve therefore realised that im quite interested in the UX and UI part of the project.
  Hence, I hope to learn more about that too. I think I will be able to pick up a lot of knowledge from my group 
  members during the project from IT since they have taken a few courses in the subject. 
  We have also decided to use react as a programming framework, 
  therefore I need to learn the basics. To do this I will look at a few tutorials during Easter and play around a bit. 
How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
  :By working together with group members from IT.
  I think we will be able to share knowledge. 
  Possibly I will be able to share knowledge about customer value and business models. 
what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
  :To help develop user stories and set up a scrum “environment” like Trello. To do this I will during
  Easter try to write a few user stories.
what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
  :For the past week it was creating the business model canvas.
  For easter I will keep in touch with our product owner to make sure we are on the right path developing our idea and making
  sure our mockup looks promising. As well as discussing future development plans. 
  
  week 3 and 4 were skipped due to easter.
  
  Week 5
  What do I want to learn or understand better?
  
    :Right now im moderate at web developement, as well as wokring remote individually on software projects.
    Therefore, i really want to continue to get better at the React framework as well as HTML, javascript and css. I also need to
    get a better understanding of all the features of github and getting used to them. This will be essential for our
    distance cooperation to work well. To get better at these things i will continue to experiment with web developement tools
    as well as trying to use git as much as possible. I also make sure to use the assets in our team, since  a few of our teammates from IT 
    have allot more experience when it comes to using web developemenet i try to get as much information from them as possible. 
  
  How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
  
    : By coding peer to peer i think i can help with giving new views on things and how to solve problems.
      Since allot of the other mebmers also has to learn about web developemenet i share my new learned skills and revelations 
      with them, as well as sources and good tutorials to get knowledge about specific things.
      
  
  what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
    : Im keeping in touch with our product owner most of the time to make sure we are on the right path. 
     By doing this i can create user stories that are well suited for his needs. Besides  this i (as well as other mebmbers) make sure
     our sprint meetings are structured and moving foreward.
     I want to keep staying in close touch with our PO to make sure we do go towards a faulity direction. 
  
  what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
   : This week it has been to work with the frontend. Our entire frontend team has been writing code togehter to get a good
   and steady foundation. As well as to learn. 
   Next week i really want to start working on my own, to get more secure on my on coding skills and to get to try my 
   new gained knowledge regarding web developement and design.
   
   Week 6
   
   What do I want to learn or understand better?
   
   Just like last week i want to keep developing skills regarding web developement and getting more 
   comfortable working on my own with react. 
   I need to continue getting better at javascript, html and css as well as react. Further i need to get more 
   comfortable with using github and feature branches. This is crucial for my future distance developement of our software. 
   To do this i will keep reading tutorials as well as developing our product using trial and error and learning by that.
   
    How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
    
    Just like last week, since me as well as most of my other teammates needs to improve skills regardring css, html and javascript
    i share my new gained knowledge with them. I also help the team by contributiong with ideas on how to design and develop
    functionality. 
    
    what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
    
    I have keept in touch with our customer, making sure we are still on the right path as well as communicating his 
    toughts to our team. I have also tried to improve my writing of user storeis and making sure they are stucutred and easy to follow.
    I also make sure to update our scrum board as frequently as possible when changes emerge to make sure everyone
    is on the same page. 
      
  what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
    
    I have contributed by developing functionality in our frontend. 
    This week has been quite short and we have not had that much time to develop our product. This is due to deadlines connected to our 
    bachelor thesis as well as the holiday. Therefore me and the entire team have agreed on keeping a higer velocity next week. 
    
    Week 7
    
    What do I want to learn or understand better?
    
    I still want to develope my skills regarding react, html, css  and javascript. This week i have worked alot on desgin.
    By doing that i have learned alot about css, however i realize i still have a lot to learn. Next week i will therefore try
    to study a bit of css to later implement on our project. 
    
    How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
    
    This is just like before, i help my teammebers by sharing knowledge. I have also realised that two eyes on the same problem
    solves in alot faster in many caeses. Therefore i always try to set of a few minutes whenever someone ask for help. 
    
    What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
    
    We have started using code reviews for DoD, this week i have therefore reviewd alot of code before it's merged to master. 
    I was also part of developing our new standard for DoD. Thefore the standard for when we are alowed to 
    move user storeis to the "complete" bucket. 
    
    
    what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
    
    as earlier mentioned ive worked a bit with design. Making sure our product looks better. Besides this ive implemented 
    some date features, making sure we desplay dates in the right places and in the right way. I have also implemented different states
    for tasks, showing weather they are done, in progress or not started. 
    
    Week 8
    
    What do I want to learn or understand better?
    
    I have realised the difference between wokring on small projects and big projects. The process of working with big
    projects that has allot of codes and different parts has to be much more structued and thougth through. Therefore i want to develop
    my skills regarding understanding the whole picture. 
    To do this im going to try to work with cross-functional tasks next week, that forces me to understand
    and intearct with the entire project. 
    
    
    How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
    
    This week i have helped our team get a better understanding of what our customer desiers, regarding design. 
    This might have helped some team members to  develop their design skills since they might experience new design challenges. 
    
    
    What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
    
    I make sure to review user stories as quick as possibly when they are in the "review bucket". To make sure 
    we can continue coding with an up to date version. Futhermore i am the PO, therefore i also, accoring to our acceptance criteria
    have to accept all userstories before they are "done".
    To do this i have contaced our customer a few times this week, to make sure we are on the right path. 
    
     what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
     I have delveoped a feature reagarding the upate of task states as well as desinged the look of it. 
     Besides that i have looked in to how we are going to implement drag and drop. 
     
     Week 9
     
     What do I want to learn or understand better?
     
     Since this was the last sprint there is not that much more technical things that i will have time to learn during this course.
     However, i think im fine at presenting and talking in front of people. Even though this is the case i would like to improve 
     my presentation and rethorical skills further. To do this i will make sure to be engaged in
     the preperation of our presentation as well as being part of it. 
     
     How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
     
     This week all of the team has moved to frontend, to fix some final touches and make things pretty.
     Some of the team has not worked that much witch CSS and Javascript before, because of this 
     i have tried to be as helpfull as possible and tried to share the knowledge i have gained 
     during this course. 
     
      What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum? 
      
      Ive made sure to be present, alert and energetic on all our meetings. This week we also started with daily standups. 
      During these ive tried to make sure that they are short and effective. Just like the previous weeks i have also tried
      to be as quick as possible to review peoples code, besides this i have stayed in touch with our customer. 
      
       what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
       
       This week i have worked allot with bugfixing, ive fixed some date and week problems. Besides this i have made sure
       that task states communicate with backend and our server. For rest of the time i have worked with design features. 
      
      
      
      
     
     
     
     
     
     
     
    
   
     
     
    
  
    
    
   
    
    
    
  
