Week 1:
What do I want to learn or understand better?
  How to work with software in a structured way in teams. I want to continue 
  delveloping my programming toolset with some new skills in java but also other languages.
  Lastly i want to understand how a team can distribute work efficantly to develop different
  aspects of a product simultainiously.
  
how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
  I have some experience from working in big corporation and i hope to be able
  to share some take aways from that experience. I have done business model
  canvases and such before and hope i can help to set a structure of how to build 
  a valuable product.
  
what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
  I have som experience from the scrum work-method and hope to be able to use that
  when setting up the first becklogs and structuring work. I have said that i can
  take the role as scrum master and hope to be able to grow into that role since it
  is something i have never done before. 
  
what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
  This week i think my contibutions has been to try build social connections between the students from I and IT 
  and make sure that the communication works out so that everyone is included from the beginning.

Week 2:
What do I want to learn or understand better?
  How to write good user stories and set up a product
  backlog properly. I want to learn how to work in 
  React to understand how to best split up the tasks
  between team members. 
  
how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
  I can hopefully contribute with knowledge from the newly read 
  database course when setting up the database strategy for
  the product. And maybe come with some design ideas from
  previous projects in creative cloud. 
  
what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
  I'm taking the role as scrum master and want to contribute 
  by getting good knowledge of the skills of all team members 
  as well as the technicality behind the user stories to
  help sitting up a good first sprint. 
  
what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
  This week i think my contibutions has been to continue 
  build social connections between the students from I and IT. 
  Also having meeting with the PO to get relevant insight
  in what he thinks is most valuable in our product. 
  Also I helped in the creation of the business model canvas
  and sketches for the mock-up. 
  
  Week 3:
  
What do I want to learn or understand better?
  Right now i want to get better at decribing work in user stories. 
  I aslo want to learn about JDBC since it will be very useful in the coming sprints.
  I also want to become more comfortable with git to be able to work more remote.
  
how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
  I think i have some understanding in databases and can use this when we 
  finalize the structure next week. Also i want to learn together with the team how to
  have efficient stand-up meetings.
  
what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
 I have contributed with mostly keeping the communication going between the 
 team members during this time of remote working. Also i have helped with 
 some developing of the scrum board stucture.
  
what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
I have helped with the backend deliveries, mostly with some sql setup code 
and som server coding. But the candidate project
is taking much time from the project for me.

